Create rule S6446 (#1229)
SonarSource/rspec: rules/S6446/java/message.adoc

=== Message

> Remove this substring attribute which doesn't match anything in this line.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Make sure that this value matches something in the line, or drop the "substring" attribute.
Make sure that this value matches something in the region, or drop the "substring" attribute.
```
